Previously on Bull...
Sometimes good people
make bad choices
when they're in a tight spot.
We the jury find the defendant.
Smokestack Labs. negligent.
I'm already working up
an appeal.
I would expect nothing less.
One of the jurors.
Randall Hughes.
said that he'd been bribed.
By who?
By you.
I need to find a great attorney.
Whoever put this together
worked very. very hard
to destroy you.
Are you ready to go to war?
Oh. yeah.
People are fascinating.
You can learn a lot
about a person
from the smallest things.
Like. for instance.
what do they throw away?
Do they like frozen pizza?
Do they like fish.
and fresh fruit?
What are they reading?
Do they even read at all?
Ultimately. we are
what we consume.
Now. it may seem extreme
to go through someone's trash.
but it is legal.
And it happens more often
than you think.
especially when there's millions
of dollars at stake.
So. that
was the only reason
you went to
Randall Hughes' house?
To look through his trash?
Absolutely.
It was the night
before closing arguments
in the Smokestack case.
and it was
our last chance.
We really needed insight
into who this man was.
and...
I needed to find a way
to get him on our side.
It was our only hope.
But you never offered Mr. Hughes
a bribe?
No.
And I never would.
Thank you. No further questions.
Let's take a short break.
What was your impression
of Dr. Bull?
Smart.
Very smart.
He's funnier than you think.
Confident. Articulate.
Someone I'd play squash with.
Do you think he bribed
the juror?
♪
Yeah.
Probably.
Definitely.
♪
We are adjusting
our legal strategy.
I'm no longer
taking the stand.
That's not an adjustment.
That's a one-eighty.
Well. mock jury didn't go
the way we thought it would.
which is why we do mock jury.
Get ahead of
the problem.
How big of a problem
are we talking about?
The mock jury liked Bull.
Yes. but they thought
he was lying about
what happened
at Coach Hughes' house.
Which is half a step
from finding him guilty.
I mean. come on.
We've faced steep odds before.
We've always pulled through.
True.
The way I see it.
there's one surefire way
to win this thing.
I'm listening.
We find the person
who paid the $50.000
to Coach Hughes.
That money came from
an offshore account
owned by an anonymous
holding company.
It could be anyone.
It is the weakest part
of the government's case.
They've never been able
to link the money to Bull.
so it's all circumstantial.
Exactly.
But I found a flaw
in the bank security.
With a few well-timed lattes.
I might be able to pull
an all-nighter. and...
try to crack it.
Well. I'm on the lattes.
No. no. hold up.
Would this all-nighter
involve...
admissible.
legally-obtained evidence?
No.
No to "admissible"?
Or no to "legally-obtained"?
Both?
Forget it.
Seriously?
We are not breaking the law.
Well. if you're gonna tie
Taylor's hands.
at least untie mine.
Let me follow Hughes.
There's no way
he's working alone.
He could lead me
to his accomplice.
Dr. Bull is already accused
of tampering
with a juror.
We cannot risk
witness tampering.
Great. Let's just take Bull
to jail right now.
No. Olivia's right.
We really are under a microscope
right now. and...
...we can't cross
any lines.
We don't have to prove
who bribed Coach Hughes.
Just create
reasonable doubt
for Dr. Bull.
With Chunk's help.
I'll chip away
at the government's case.
Chunk. you said that
the AUSA was a lightweight.
I mean. that-that's something.
right?
Unfortunately. no.
A new AUSA has been assigned
to Bull's case.
A guy from Main Justice
in D.C.
I'll know more when I talk
to him later today.
Ooh. I'm coming with you.
You know. usually. my clients
don't tag along with me
to pretrial meetings.
Oh. well. usually your clients
are not expert psychologists.
so I'll get my coat.
Before you start trying
to psychologically assess
our opponent.
I should let you know
I plan on offering him
a two-day continuance.
I get that you want to
play by the rules. but...
offering our adversary
extra time to prepare
sort of feels like you're just
handing him the win.
Aren't you the one who's all
about projecting confidence?
This offer signals
we're not worried.
Oh. Ms. Powell!
Dr. Bull!
Come on.
Ah!
Parker Reilly.
Hello. Thank you
for meeting me out here.
Finch is having bladder issues.
It's a whole thing.
Ooh. let's grab that table
while it's free.
Come on. Finchy-doodle.
I'm starting to feel
more confident by the moment.
Ah. my predecessor
didn't exactly leave me
a trial road map.
Mr. Reilly.
since you're new
to the case.
we'd like to offer you
a two-day continuance.
Really? No catch?
No catch.
It's only fair since you're
just getting up to speed.
That's very kind.
Thank you. but...
I don't need a continuance.
I specialize in bribery cases.
that's why D.C. sent me.
Well. if I'm gonna be wrongly
imprisoned for ten years.
at least it's by the best.
The max is 15 years.
and that's only
a sentencing guideline.
I'd argue for more.
Your scare tactics
won't work.
Mr. Reilly.
Dr. Bull will not spend
one minute in prison.
because he's innocent.
And when it comes
right down to it.
you have a big flaw
in your case.
You can't prove Dr. Bull
made that payment
to Randall Hughes.
I can prove it. I...
Bank subpoena records.
Just came in.
That account that
paid Mr. Hughes
is owned by Isabella Colón.
your wife.
♪
I'm sorry. Ms. Colón.
there's nothing else we can do
for you today.
This is unbelievable.
Oh. my God.
This just gets worse and worse.
Was that the bank?
What did they say?
It was a legitimate transfer.
My account initiated the payment
to Randall Hughes.
Was the security breach
on their end?
No.
The breach was on our end?
Do you think they hacked
my computer?
Or phone or tablet or...
This is insane. Jason.
I haven't even touched
that account
since I sold my business.
How do these people even know
that I have it?
Why are they setting us up
like this?
I wish I knew.
How much prison time can I get?
You're not going to prison.
You didn't make the payment.
Well. you didn't bribe
that juror.
and you're about to go
to trial for it.
How much time. Jason?
If they charge conspiracy.
15 to 20 years.
We can't both go to prison.
Oh. what about Astrid?
Uh. this...
Listen.
you're not going to prison.
Because if I win.
Reilly is not going after you.
Well. that's a big if.
especially now that
they can trace the money
back to your wife.
I'm not saying
it's gonna be easy.
But I promise you.
I will clear our names.
Someone is coming
after Izzy now.
Threatening my wife.
I can't let that happen.
What do you need us to do?
These are her devices.
Find out which one of them
was used
to make the transfer.
and look for anything
that might lead us
to the person who did this.
On it.
How is Izzy?
Well. she is trying
to figure out
who Astrid should live with
if we both go to prison.
Oh. Bull. You don't think
it'll come to that.
I promised that
I would protect her.
and that I would
not let that happen.
Please help me keep my promise.
♪
Excuse me a moment.
Carol.
I have been trying
to reach you.
Well. I've been busy.
I have a class action to retry.
after all.
Well. that's fair.
Not in my book.
Look. I know you're upset
about what happened.
But I...Hell yes. I am upset.
Smokestack demanded
we cut our fees
in half for the second round.
Said they would refuse to
pay us for the first trial
if we didn't accept those terms.
And I'm sorry about that.
I am. but...
I'm looking at prison time.
You and I have worked
a lot of cases over the years.
and...
And?
And I would never bribe a juror.
Carol.
I mean. I have
my own approach.
and I know I color
outside the lines.
but I play fair every time.
and you know that.
You were outside
the juror's house alone
in the middle
of the night.
That's what I know.
This one's clean.
For this kind of hack.
how much would it set me back?
A pretty penny.
So someone with money is
behind this.
You still think this is
the Smokestack CEO. don't you?
I know I wasn't here
when this all went down.
but I have looked at this case
from every angle.
and Arnold Clayton's got
the biggest motive.
If the bribery charge hadn't
triggered a mistrial.
Clayton would be stuck paying
the class action award
against Smokestack.
$145 million award.
Paying Coach Hughes
to lie about Bull
is chump change
compared to that.
We have nothing to prove it.
Yeah. we'll never have anything
if we. uh.
keep sitting on our asses.
Hey. I'm working on
something here.
Yeah. well. I'm not.
I'm gonna tail him.
Olivia said you couldn't.
Olivia said I couldn't tail
Coach Hughes
because he's a witness.
Arnold Clayton's not
a witness.
True.
Mm-hmm.
If I follow Clayton.
maybe I can find a connection
between him and Hughes.
Show that they're in it
together.
I don't think Olivia's
gonna like this.
I don't work for Olivia.
Just to be clear.
your role during voir dire
is to...
Sit here and look pretty.
Right.
Are we ready to proceed.
counselors?
Uh. one small procedural matter.
Your Honor.
I need to preserve my right.
He's added Izzy
as a potential witness.
We knew that
was bound to happen.
If he calls Izzy.
he's laying track
to bring charges against her.
Okay. let's just focus
on one thing at a time.
What kind of work do you do?
Odd jobs.
mostly.
Care to elaborate?
No.
And what does being
a civil engineer entail?
In short.
I make sure
buildings don't fall down.
A business owner?
At your age?
I knew from the jump
that I wanted to be
in control of my life.
And what is it you do
for a living?
I'm a pediatric surgeon.
Working with sick children.
you must face
some really difficult decisions.
Yes. but you can't let
your emotions get
in the way
of what needs to be done.
Juror number five is acceptable
to the government.
Ms. Powell?
The defense accepts this--
Excuse me. Judge Bergen.
I need to confer
with my client.
We agreed.
I run the show today.
And so far.
I've been letting you.
but I'm the one
looking at prison time.
and the good doctor is not
gonna be good for us.
Being a surgeon is
about precision.
He is the perfect juror
to see through the holes
in the government's case.
He makes life and death
decisions every day.
He's not gonna
second-guess himself
when he decides
to put me in prison.
Ms. Powell. I'm waiting.
Where's he going?
Sir. could
you tell us about
the worst day you've ever had
in the operating room?
Her-her name was Claudia.
She was five. um...
Lots of freckles and.
unfortunately. a brain tumor.
She was on the table
when I started the incision
in the wrong place.
Was just one millimeter off.
Luckily. a nurse caught it in
time before I damaged the brain.
but-but I think about
Claudia every day
as a way to remind myself to...
always check everything twice
to be sure I have it right.
I was wrong.
This juror is acceptable
to the defense. Your Honor.
That concludes voir dire.
Counsel. let's meet
in my chambers to go over
the trial schedule.
Sorry. Dr. Bull.
Counsel only.
♪
Hey. break a leg today.
Thanks.
Your gut telling you
anything yet?
Well. we'll know more
a little later this afternoon.
when Coach Hughes
takes the stand.
Not now.
Who was that?
It's that law firm
I told you about.
They want an answer
about my job offer.
And the answer is?
I don't have the bandwidth
to even consider it.
Not until we get
through this mess.
Not till I know Bull is okay.
Okay.
Tell me
you have something.
I found signs that
someone hacked this tablet.
Great.
But nothing yet
as to who did it.
and frankly.
nothing to prove
that it was hacked
to make that payment
to Coach Hughes.
For all we know.
Izzy could have been hacked
by someone trying to steal
her Netflix password.
I struck out. too.
And you were...
Following Arnold Clayton.
But Olivia said--I was careful.
I followed Clayton
from a distance.
and you know with that got me?
Photos of Clayton leaving
buildings and getting into cars.
And photos of Clayton
getting out of cars
and going into buildings.
Sometimes it got
really exciting.
and Clayton's wife
would leave a building
and get into a car with him.
I am not surprised
that this is all you got.
I mean. even if Clayton
and Coach Hughes
are in cahoots on this.
it would be incredibly reckless
for them to start hanging out
and drinking beers together.
Yeah. but Danny and I
were talking.
We think there's a way
to smoke him out.
Smoke him out?
On a scale from one to ten.
what's the risk factor here?
Five.
Nine?
So. I'm gonna round that up
to a ten.
No.
I'm sorry.
but we promised to help
protect Bull and Izzy.
not get them in more trouble.
♪
Sorry. The nanny was late.
and then traffic
was brutal. and...
W-Why aren't
you inside yet?
Court's gonna start any minute.
Yeah.
Uh...
Wanted to wait
for my amazing wife.
What's going on?
I can't seem
to make my way in there.
My feet just want
to stay here. which is...
wrong. 'cause
usually I love stepping
through those doors.
The courtroom is where I feel...
most confident and...
I think yesterday...Hey.
Today is a new day.
Mr. Hughes.
when you saw Dr. Bull
outside your house.
what happened next?
He approached me in the driveway
and offered me $50.000
if I would vote
to find Smokestack liable.
Before this night.
had you ever taken
a bribe before?
Never.
I tell my players all the time
integrity's what matters.
not winning.
I try to be their moral compass.
you know.
which is why I've never
felt more ashamed
than when I took
Dr. Bull's bribe.
So. why did you take the bribe?
Money.
My family's had
some medical issues.
My son has a bad kidney.
My wife had
a breast cancer scare.
Even with great insurance.
my whole paycheck went
to hospital bills.
And then.
the paycheck wasn't enough.
The 50.000
Dr. Bull offered me
was gonna get us out of debt.
Where's the lie?
What do you mean?
He's lying. but I should see it.
Downcast eyes.
touching his face.
awkward pauses.
but he's got none of that.
Marissa. where we at?
I don't want to say.
'cause then it'd be true.
Mr. Hughes.
you don't own
a home security system.
is that correct?
No.
Those cameras creep me out.
And your neighbor's camera.
it doesn't capture your house
or driveway.
does it?
No. I guess not.
So there is no proof
that Dr. Bull
ever approached you
in your driveway.
is there?
There's my word.
But the prosecution stipulated
that Dr. Bull
was only in front of your house
for approximately seven minutes.
That sounds about right.
Are you telling this
jury that Dr. Bull
approached you
and convinced you
to upend
your entire moral compass--
morals you claim
to be known for--
all in a matter of minutes?
No. it was a matter of seconds.
Dr. Bull offered me
a golden ticket. and I took it.
I'm not proud of it.
But it's the truth.
You want a jury update?
No.
I can see for myself.
They're buying it.
Come on.
Can you pass me a towel?
I just ran into
Coach Hughes
in the bathroom.
Well. that's heavy.
What do you say to the man
who's ruined your life?
You say nothing.
Jason. tell me you said nothing.
He's a witness.
I asked for a paper towel.
It was Coach Hughes
who did the talking.
What?
Body language.
He was so disciplined
on the stand.
and that's how he was
able to hide the lie.
but when it was just
the two of us...
What you see?
Wouldn't look at me;
he just washed his hands.
eyes straight forward.
shoulders hunched.
Signs of deception?
Shame. I think.
He feels terrible
about what he did to me.
Unfortunately.
it only matters
what the jury saw. not you.
Well. it matters to me.
I was losing my mind in there.
Thinking that I couldn't
see the truth anymore.
That was our doorman.
The FBI has a search warrant
for my devices.
Don't say a word
to the FBI.
We'll handle this.
I already told them
they were all at TAC.
I-I panicked.
...collecting evidence now.
Hey! Be careful.
that's my computer.
Actually.
we're taking it. too.
Did you stipulate that
this device also belongs to you?
Asked and answered.
We've been here
for over an hour.
This is harassment.
This is being thorough.
We will stipulate
that these are her devices.
but not that she used them
to make any alleged payment.
Can we go now?
It's okay. It's okay.
Really. it...
I have nothing to hide.
Hmm.
I thought it was good news
when they didn't call her
as a witness in your case.
That maybe Reilly was
backing off.
It's a Pyrrhic victory.
Instead of putting her
on the stand.
they're gonna put her on trial.
This isn't your fault.
Isn't it?
♪
Hey.
I was just...
I know.
I've been thinking about
a different approach
to the trial.
What kind of approach?
Olivia and I could
put together a proffer
in which I agreed
to plead guilty...
Proffer?
...to a lesser charge
in exchange...Whoa.
Wha......for a reduced sentence.
There's a good chance
we could get him down
a few years.
which isn't bad.
Martha Stewart did
five months.
D-Don't you dare joke about this.
She's a tough bird.
Why would you plead guilty
for something you didn't do?
We would make it a condition
that Reilly drop
any prosecution of you.
You'd be safe.
What?
Don't make this about me.
It's not about you.
It's about Astrid.
If we go to prison.
then what?
Child Services takes her?
Benny could take her
or someone else in my family.
No. someone else is not
gonna raise our child.
Right now this jury is
gonna convict me.
I can see it in their eyes.
and I'm not gonna sit
in that courtroom
and let them steamroll me.
I have to do
something.
I know...
that you think that this is
a way of saving
Astrid and me.
but don't.
I'm not a damsel in distress.
And if our daughter needs
saving. we do it together.
You know. I'm terrified
about the way all of this
could turn out. too.
but being afraid doesn't mean
that you stop fighting.
It means that you fight harder.
Izzy. I'm just trying
to be realistic here.
If you want to plead guilty.
I can't stop you.
But I won't be in the courtroom
when you do it.
♪
We thought you left
for the night.
I needed a walk to think.
You realize
it's 7:00 p.m.
The plan to smoke Clayton out.
I want to hear it.
What happened
to not wanting
to get Bull and Izzy
in more trouble?
I don't think
things could get any worse.
So. what is this big idea?
Well. we know Coach Hughes isn't
perjuring himself for free.
Arnold Clayton
must have paid him.
Not the $50.000
from Izzy's account.
That got seized by the FBI.
I mean a real bribe.
And if you get in bed with
someone willing to take a bribe.
you shouldn't be surprised
if they blackmail you. right?
Let's say Clayton gets
an email like this.
"I did what you asked.
"but now I want more money
"or else I tell
the prosecutor I lied.
"Meet me at Brooklyn Navy Yard.
lot 2. 10:00 p.m.
to discuss terms."
You're pretending to be Hughes.
If Clayton shows up
after getting this.
it's as good
as a confession.
Or at least something
Olivia can throw the jury
to create reasonable doubt.
You're sure they can't track
this email back to you?
Positive.
I used a burner account.
But do you want to
run it by Olivia first?
No. If Olivia has
a problem with it.
she can deal with me.
Send the email.
Here we go.
Good.
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh-oh
♪ Oh. oh. oh.
oh-oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh-oh
♪ Oh. oh. oh.
oh-oh ♪
♪ Lift me. come on
♪ Let's fly today...
How can you eat right now?
What?
We're the middle of
an operation.
I know.
I missed this when
I was in Florida.
Must've been nice to get to
spend that time with your mom.
Hmm. You haven't
met my mother.
You know. she would tell
the Pope how to do his job
if she could get
an audience.
Not to mention the
good doctors and nurses
just trying
to save her life.
or her own
daughter. who put
her entire life on hold
just to help her.
I couldn't even fluff
a pillow right.
Thank God she got better.
'cause I was ready to kill her.
Chip?
Where is he?
I don't know.
Maybe we were wrong
about Clayton.
Or not.
Gotcha.
Who brings their attorney
to pay off a blackmailer?
Oh. my God.
More importantly.
who brings the police?
FBI! Get out the car!
Oh. crap.
Clayton didn't do this.
And we just stepped in it.
Hands in the air!
♪
Thank you for persuading Clayton
to drop the charges.
I did it for
Clayton's sake.
He's a busy man.
He can't be bothered with
minor criminal proceedings.
Minor?
Well. if he had
brought charges.
we would have tied you up
in court for months
with civil claims.
You never concede. do you?
It's bad for business.
At some point.
you're gonna learn
that you can't talk your way
out of everything. Bull.
Huh.
I was so sure Clayton was
behind the bribe.
Me. too.
Maybe he still is.
What do you mean?
Well. maybe he knew
you weren't Hughes.
Something in the email
could have tipped him off.
Well. if he was guilty.
he wouldn't have brought the cops.
What better way
to make yourself look innocent?
The police could've been
window dressing.
Read me that email
you sent again.
"I did what you asked.
but now I want more money
or else I tell the..."
You said you want more money.
What if Clayton never paid
Hughes money in the first place?
Now. that would have
tipped him off.
If Coach Hughes didn't get
money for lying about Bull.
what did he get?
I take full responsibility
for what happened tonight.
I approve the entrapment plan.
so if you are angry with anyone.
it should be me.
I'm not angry.
I...
I'm grateful.
Grateful
to have people
who believe in me
and would go
to such great lengths
to protect me.
Thank you.
You would've done
the same for us.
I just wish
there was more we could do.
I have the same feeling.
I've never been
more frustrated.
We know you are
telling the truth.
Why can't we get anyone
to believe it?
Maybe...
because I haven't...
...told the whole truth.
What do you mean?
Olivia. I want
to take the stand.
What happened that night
at Randall Hughes' house?
I sat in my car.
and I watched Coach Hughes take
his trash to the curb.
And you never approached him
about a bride?
Never. Not that night.
Not any other time.
Is that it?
That's all you did that night?
No.
I got out of the car.
And why did you get
out of your car?
To bribe Randall Hughes.
♪
I'm sorry. Dr. Bull.
I'm confused.
You just said
you didn't offer him a bride.
I didn't.
but I thought about it
for a few seconds.
and then I thought better of it.
and I got back in my car
and I drove home.
But in that time...
We were desperate.
I was fighting
on behalf of
so many people
in this class action suit.
and we were...
trapped. and I...
...was selfish.
and I put my team at risk.
their reputations
and their livelihoods.
And I am ashamed of myself
for that.
But most of all.
my wife
and my child.
to bring them into this mess.
that I regret most of all.
Just to be clear.
you categorically did not
offer Randall Hughes a bribe?
I categorically did not.
Thank you.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
Mr. Reilly.
your witness.
Very moving testimony. Dr. Bull.
Let me see if I understand it.
You went all the way
to Mr. Hughes' house.
got out of your car
with the intention
of committing a crime.
And then had a last-minute
change of heart.
I know it sounds odd.
but it's the truth.
If you didn't bribe
Mr. Hughes that night.
how does that explain
the $50.000
that went from
your wife's bank account
into Mr. Hughes' bank account?
Is your wife
in the habit of giving
strangers $50.000?
Objection.
Counsel is testifying.
Overruled.
The witness must answer
the question.
My wife's account was hacked.
Hacked? Oh. boy.
This tale keeps getting wilder.
So. some mysterious boogeyman
is out there
trying to frame you
for this crime.
a crime you admit
you almost committed.
Who would do that?
Randall Hughes. for one.
and I imagine
he's not working alone.
What's in it for Randall Hughes?
Why would he claim
that you bribed him?
Why would he upend
his whole life
in order to make up
a lie about you?
Because somebody paid him.
Or coerced him.
Do you have any proof of that?
No.
But I-I can't think of...
I mean. it's the only thing
that makes sense.
Other than the version
where you bribed a man
in order to win $145 million?
No further questions.
♪
That was brutal.
Honesty often is.
But the right move.
no matter what.
How's the jury looking?
I haven't checked.
Do you want to know?
I'm good.
Are you sure?
They're in deliberations.
What's done is done.
So should we head back to
TAC and wait for the call?
No.
I think I want to take
a walk with my wife.
No matter what the jury decides.
I'm proud of you.
I can't take all the credit.
This. uh. smart. talented...
kind. beautiful lady.
she once told me
to never stop fighting.
You should meet her sometime.
She's really something.
Oh. I'll show you fighting.
♪
I don't think it was enough.
I'm scared. Izzy.
♪
Is the jury back?
It's Taylor.
So. I've been looking at ways
Coach Hughes could have been
bribed other than money.
and I think I found one.
Hughes doesn't have
a social media.
but his 19-year-old son.
the one with a bad kidney. does.
I hope you got something
more solid than
"Live. laugh and love."
I found this comment
two weeks ago
from his son's friend.
"Heard about the kidney
surgery at St. Matthews.
Prayers have been answered."
I wouldn't have noticed if the
son hadn't deleted the comment.
Why delete the comment
unless you got
something to hide?
I checked it out.
Coach Hughes' son
not only is still
on the list for a kidney.
he's way at the bottom.
He found a kidney
through a back door.
I checked with St. Matthews.
where he had the surgery.
and guess who happens to be
on the board?
Melody Clayton.
Arnold Clayton's wife?
We have to find her.
According to
her social media.
she's out of town.
Well. I could track her down.
but it'd be quicker
to confront Hughes here.
Mm. we can't do that
without witness tampering.
which is what I've been
trying to avoid
all along.
It's not tampering if
both parties are present
for the conversation.
What is that?
What is that crazy Finchy song?
Mmm-hmm.
You really do love
that guy. don't you?
Finch and I have been
through a lot together.
I bet you would do
almost anything for him.
more than some people
might think is even sane.
Might have been called
"certifiable" a time or two.
Yeah. well.
I completely understand.
I'm so crazy.
I almost pled guilty
to something I didn't do
just to spare my family.
Are you here to change
your plea. Dr. Bull?
Because you really should
have your lawyer present.
You asked me earlier today.
why would Randall Hughes upend
his whole life
to make up a lie about me?
I know the answer.
He did it for his family.
And I'll ask you again:
Do you have any proof?
I can get it.
And now I want to ask you
a question.
What do you want?
You want to win this case?
Or do you want to help
get to the truth?
Let's go. Hustle. Nice.
Nice!
Yes!
That's what I like to see.
Good job.
Move that ball around.
All right. all right. all right.
Let's. uh...
Let's call it for the day.
Hit the showers.
Really nice work.
See you tomorrow.
I don't understand
why you're here.
I already testified.
Mr. Hughes.
the nature of your testimony
has come into question.
What do you mean?
You testified that
your son has a bad kidney.
So?
But he doesn't have
a bad kidney.
Not anymore.
Does he?
Because two weeks ago.
he received a new one
at St. Matthews.
a kidney
he wasn't supposed to have.
If that's true.
your son could be charged
for accepting
a black market kidney.
That's five years
in prison.
I'm willing
to overlook that.
but you need to tell the truth.
My son was ill for so long.
He was so low
on the donor list.
It felt hopeless.
Until she approached me
after the Smokestack verdict.
She said we could bypass
the donor list.
She-she had a connection.
And all I had to do was...
to lie.
And say that Dr. Bull bribed me.
♪
I'm sorry for what I did to you.
What you did was perjury.
My son is alive.
That's worth
whatever price I have to pay.
You know.
I said in court
I made that decision
in an instant.
I wasn't lying.
She made it sound easy.
You're talking about
Arnold Clayton's wife?
Who?
Melody Clayton.
Oh. Of course.
Hey. Carol.
Bull.
Uh. where is everybody?
I'm supposed to start a cross
in ten minutes?
Did they switch courtrooms on me
and not tell me?
No.
Well. what the hell is going on.
and what are you doing here?
The AUSA dropped the charges.
My case is over.
Dropped the...
Why-why would he do that?
Randall Hughes admitted he lied.
He...He told us everything.
Everything.
Well. I don't know
why the. uh. AUSA
would believe Randall Hughes
if he admits he lied.
Because he's not lying anymore.
Obviously.
I knew that
someone had bribed Hughes
to say that I bribed him.
but I just couldn't
figure out who.
My first candidate was
Arnold Clayton.
Clayton. please.
Right.
It didn't make
any sense to me either.
because a guy like Clayton.
they write off litigation
all the time.
But...
I got to thinking.
Who can't afford to lose
a case like that?
And then I realized...
Of course. A lawyer.
Someone significant.
A real rainmaker
for her firm. but...
she's lost one
too many cases lately.
Dropped some big clients.
and word going around town is
that she's being...
eased out the door.
And if she lost a big case
like Smokestack. well...
she'd be cooked.
Nobody cares what you've done.
Just what you've done lately.
They were bringing charges
against Izzy. Carol.
They were going to arrest her.
Well. if everything
that you say about her is true.
then it sounds like
what she did was not...
...personal.
Not at all personal.
The FBI is on its way.
You're not as angry
as I would expect.
Oh. I'm angry.
But I was there that night.
I could've walked up
to that man's door.
I was ready.
I could be that lawyer
right now.
But you're not.
You're not her.
Again. I am sorry it took me
so long to get back to you.
I promise I'm normally
much more responsive.
We have been dealing
with a crisis. capital "C."
but that crisis is now
officially in the past.
I would love to talk more
about what my future might hold.
Thanks again
for taking the case.
Oh. you won't be thanking me
once you get my bill.
I think it was worth
every penny.
Hmm.
But how many pennies
would we be talking about here?
Ballpark.
Hmm.
Do we have any champagne?
Maybe some seltzer?
I mean. I could get some.
but that would mean
I'd have to get out of
this chair.
What says.
"I'm glad you're not a felon"?
Cake. flowers?
It's your big
win. Bull.
What do you want to do?
Well.
I think it's...
our big win.
Couldn't have done it
without you all.
Thank you.
But seeing as I am the boss.
I guess I should decide
how we celebrate.
I choose to go home.
take a shower and go to bed.
That's right.
Oh. thank goodness.
And then. tomorrow morning.
wake up.
come here
and get back to work.
Thanks.
Good night.
♪